README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/api/badges/archivr/archivr/status.svg)](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/archivr/archivr) [![Quality Gate Status](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/sonar/api/project_badges/measure?project=archivr&metric=alert_status&token=97d8dade15a32baa978ecaa4fd832bf09c5c10f5)](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/sonar/dashboard?id=archivr)

### Built with

<img src="./Documentation/images/aframe.png" width="110"> ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) 


<div align="center">
    <h1>ArchiVR</h1
    <span>Create your own virtual 3D visit</span>
    <img src="./Documentation/images/archivr-homepage.png">
</div>

# About the project

lorem ipsum

# Getting started

Clone the repository :

```
git clone https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/archivr/archivr
```

Start app using php :

```
php -S 127.0.0.1:8000 -t ./archivr/src/
```

# Authors

This project was developed by students from the IUT of Aubière (UCA), as part of a university project. The team members are:

- [Aurian JAULT](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/aurian.jault)
- [Vincent ASTOLFI](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/vincent.astolfi)
- [Axel DE LA FUENTE](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/axel.de_la_fuente)

# Acknowledgements

Thanks to ours professors for their invaluable guidance and feedback throughout the development of this project.

- Sebastien SALVA (project tutor)

- Audrey POUCLET (project management tutor)

Commit message:

:memo: update readme for script usage

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/api/badges/archivr/archivr/status.svg)](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/archivr/archivr) [![Quality Gate Status](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/sonar/api/project_badges/measure?project=archivr&metric=alert_status&token=97d8dade15a32baa978ecaa4fd832bf09c5c10f5)](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/sonar/dashboard?id=archivr)

### Built with

<img src="./Documentation/images/aframe.png" width="110"> ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) 


<div align="center">
    <h1>ArchiVR</h1
    <span>Create your own virtual 3D visit</span>
    <img src="./Documentation/images/archivr-homepage.png">
</div>

# About the project

lorem ipsum

# Getting started

Clone the repository :

```
git clone https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/archivr/archivr
```

Start app using php :

```
php -S 127.0.0.1:8000 -t ./archivr/src/
```

#### Optional

If you want to upload personal 3D models _(.gltf)_, in your panorama, you have to update your `php.ini` (3D model files are too large for basic php config)

A script is available to update settings (bug with macOS) :

```
sudo ./3d-models-support.sh
```

If the script does not work, modify the following lines in your `php.ini` :

```
upload_max_filesize=20M
post_max_size=21M
```

To find your `php.ini` you can use :

```
php --ini
```

# Authors

This project was developed by students from the IUT of Aubière (UCA), as part of a university project. The team members are:

- [Aurian JAULT](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/aurian.jault)
- [Vincent ASTOLFI](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/vincent.astolfi)
- [Axel DE LA FUENTE](https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/axel.de_la_fuente)

# Acknowledgements

Thanks to ours professors for their invaluable guidance and feedback throughout the development of this project.

- Sebastien SALVA (project tutor)

- Audrey POUCLET (project management tutor)
